road map
x create card.h to hold card struct and do card operations
x add card rendering function to card.h
x size cards a bit better
x render 6 card hand
x respond to mouse events
x start game button (menu)
x transition to and from playing state
x load player and opponent hands
x select card to play it (opponent always plays a random card at the same time)
x show played card in the middle, remove it from hand
x allow playing all cards in hand, removing cards in middle and
x return to menu after all cards are played
x bake attack and health on cards
x create pool of cards that can be used for starting hands
x implement battle turns, updating card appearence
x organize codebase
x implement some basic abilities
x color card stats relative to base state
x load shaders from file
x outline selectable cards
x make Strike ability selectable between opp hand and in play card
x organize and rename methods in util card game. organize it all actually
x animate target selection
x implement random opponent target selection logic
x implement mass effects
x implement simple eval function and search based decisions for AI
x fix ai search / decisions. don't seem quite right, aren't playing mass cards when they can
x implement simulating games
x record statistics / win rates for cards
x make charge show up as a single ability text (ex "Charge +1/+1")
x implement freeze / frozen (bestow frozen)
x implement ward (cancel the first ability that targets)
x implement cancel (removes all abilities from target)
x reorganize utils headers (just name them cards.h, card_game.h, combine util_game and util_gui)
x 9 cards for each color
x improve ai_eval function to account for abilities, hand state, battle projections etc.
x implement card library / selection before playing
x implement Evade ability (50% chance of dodging an attack in battle)
x implement one of each card restriction
x implement card library filters
x implement opponent hand matching filters
x 12 cards for each color
x allow stopping a simulation and getting stats
x change charge heal / sharpen to charge health / attack and split back out to separate abilities
x implement simulation with random colors
x ai sim has about 2:1 advantage for opponent - split out hand seleciton function from target selection and only do target once both cards are in play
x library showing extra last page if the previous pages are full
x add levels and rarities to cards
- allow setting sim properties in game without needing to rebuild
- implement game mode for 3d world, render 3D plane and spere
- implement basic movement and camera
- implement card library view overlay
- implement triggering and transitioning into card game with key press
- start some basic worldbuilding to get ideas for cards

game modes
- constraints based on properties (ex. only lvl 1 cards, or max 2 of each lvl, color restrictions, etc.)

worldbuilding notes

trailer idea
- slow fade in, player character arrices at new land or island
- some small nod to troubled past, just trying to get away from past
- stumbles on you kid, who approaches. "Hey, what are you doing?"
- "oh, umm I don't know... just trying to get aw..."
- "Here! Take these!"
- kid hands player 6 cards
- "What.. cards?"
- "Yah! it's all the rage around here! Everyone plays"
- transition to montage of card game... montage ends with win, loss, win loss win win winw,draw
- record scratch, "Wait... you can draw?"
- "Yah... only sometimes... Welp, good luck, everyone here is crazy about this card game. See you later!"
- slow zoom out to reveal size of the world to explore and play in



